CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Want to contribute? Great! First, read this page (including the [small print](#the-small-print)).

# Contributing

Material Components is an open source project that accepts contributions
from community members.

- - -

## Community Structure

Members of the core team are engineers from Google Inc. responsible for the strategic direction of
Material Components and appointment of technical leaders from the community. The Core Team will
work with the community to accept contributions in line with the [material design
spec](http://www.google.com/design/spec).

- - -


## Found an Issue?

If you find a bug in the source code or a mistake in the documentation, you can help us by 
submitting an issue to the GitHub repository for that platform. Even better: propose a fix 
as a pull request!

- - -

## Feature Requests

You can request a new feature by submitting an issue to our GitHub repository for that platform. 

- - -

## Signing the CLA

Please sign our Contributor License Agreement (CLA) before sending pull requests. For any code
changes to be accepted, the CLA must be signed. It's a quick process, we promise!

- For individuals we have a [simple click-through form]
(http://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html).
- For corporations we'll need you to sign a different [agreement]
(http://code.google.com/legal/corporate-cla-v1.0.html).

- - -

### Conventions

MDC follows certain [coding styles and conventions](code-conventions.md) for its code to help
everyone easily read, review, and understand our code. Please follow these conventions when
submitting pull requests.

- - -

### Tips for a good pull request

Pull requests can be hard to review if they try to tackle too many things
at once. Phabricator's
"[Writing Reviewable Code](https://secure.phabricator.com/book/phabflavor/article/writing_reviewable_code/)"
provides a set of guidelines that help increase the likelihood of your
pull request getting merged.

In short (slightly modified from the original article):

- A pull request should be as small as possible, but no smaller.
- The smallest a pull request can be is a single cohesive idea: don't
  make pull requests so small that they are meaningless on their own.
- Turn large pull requests into small pull requests by dividing large
  problems into smaller problems and solving the small problems one at
  a time.
- Write sensible pull request descriptions.

Our additions:

- A pull request should affect as few components as possible.


### Submitting a Pull Request

Once you have code that is ready to share, please create a pull request against the GitHub
repo for the MDC platform it corresponds to. See [GitHub's documentation about pull
requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests) for more information.

- - -

### The small print

Contributions made by corporations are covered by a different agreement than
the one above, the
[Software Grant and Corporate Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.developers.google.com/about/google-corporate).

Commit message:

[Contributing] Removing link to code convention.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Want to contribute? Great! First, read this page (including the [small print](#the-small-print)).

# Contributing

Material Components is an open source project that accepts contributions
from community members.

- - -

## Community Structure

Members of the core team are engineers from Google Inc. responsible for the strategic direction of
Material Components and appointment of technical leaders from the community. The Core Team will
work with the community to accept contributions in line with the [material design
spec](http://www.google.com/design/spec).

- - -


## Found an Issue?

If you find a bug in the source code or a mistake in the documentation, you can help us by 
submitting an issue to the GitHub repository for that platform. Even better: propose a fix 
as a pull request!

- - -

## Feature Requests

You can request a new feature by submitting an issue to our GitHub repository for that platform. 

- - -

## Signing the CLA

Please sign our Contributor License Agreement (CLA) before sending pull requests. For any code
changes to be accepted, the CLA must be signed. It's a quick process, we promise!

- For individuals we have a [simple click-through form]
(http://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html).
- For corporations we'll need you to sign a different [agreement]
(http://code.google.com/legal/corporate-cla-v1.0.html).

- - -

### Conventions

MDC follows certain coding styles and conventions. See the `CONTRIBUTING.md` files in the platform specific 
repos for more information.

- - -

### Tips for a good pull request

Pull requests can be hard to review if they try to tackle too many things
at once. Phabricator's
"[Writing Reviewable Code](https://secure.phabricator.com/book/phabflavor/article/writing_reviewable_code/)"
provides a set of guidelines that help increase the likelihood of your
pull request getting merged.

In short (slightly modified from the original article):

- A pull request should be as small as possible, but no smaller.
- The smallest a pull request can be is a single cohesive idea: don't
  make pull requests so small that they are meaningless on their own.
- Turn large pull requests into small pull requests by dividing large
  problems into smaller problems and solving the small problems one at
  a time.
- Write sensible pull request descriptions.

Our additions:

- A pull request should affect as few components as possible.


### Submitting a Pull Request

Once you have code that is ready to share, please create a pull request against the GitHub
repo for the MDC platform it corresponds to. See [GitHub's documentation about pull
requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests) for more information.

- - -

### The small print

Contributions made by corporations are covered by a different agreement than
the one above, the
[Software Grant and Corporate Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.developers.google.com/about/google-corporate).
